docs: update MCP Server guide with new tools (#3456)
neondatabase/website: content/guides/neon-mcp-server.md

Neon MCP server exposes the following actions, which primarily map to **Neon API endpoints**:

> - `list_projects`: Action to list all your Neon projects. This uses the Neon API to retrieve a summary of all projects associated with your Neon account. Enhanced with better hints and a default limit of 10 projects for more manageable output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `list_projects`: Retrieves a list of your Neon projects, providing a summary of each project associated with your Neon account. Supports limiting the number of projects returned (default: 10).
```
